doc,test: add server.timeout property to http2 public API (#31693)
nodejs/node: doc/api/http2.md

The given callback is registered as a listener on the `'timeout'` event.

In case if `callback` is not a function, a new `ERR_INVALID_CALLBACK`
error will be thrown.

#### `server.timeout`
<!-- YAML
added: v8.4.0
changes:
  - version: v13.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/27558

>     description: The default timeout changed from 120s to 0 (no timeout).

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
    description: The default timeout changed from 120 seconds to 0 (no timeout).
```
here and below

Author: The same text (`120s`) is also used in `http.md` and will be used in `https.md` once #31692 lands. So, it's better to wait until that PR lands and change text in all places simultaneously.
